So in the last lecture you've seen how we can hide certain fields from being returned back as a Jason.
And now let's see how we can also include the relations.
So what I mean by that is currently we only have our user I.D. returned but that might not be very useful
to then make another query or another request for a particular user to get the user name to display
on a comment.
So instead of the user I.D. You might want the user I.D. and the user name.
So let's see how we can do that.
So now by using the comments field we return it as a collection.
So if we all use the method now we have a query so we can add something to it.
And we know that there is there with method which allows us to include certain relation.
And in this case this is user.
So when you have a query as we have right now you have to always call get on it now save the changes
and let's go back to Bozeman and see what do we have.
So now we not only have the user I.D. but we also have the user itself.
But the problem is that we have the I.D. the name email but also thinks that you probably would not
like to show anyone like email verified.
Art is the user I mean or even his preferences that are stored on the model.
So first we first think we would like to do here is probably to hide the user I.D. as we do not wants
to make this information display twice.
So on the comment you would hide the user I.D. save the changes.
And now let's see what we have.
So now we don't have the user I.D. but still we got too much information about the user.
So we have to go to their user model and add those fields here so we do not want to show the user email
us this is private information.
Definitely not this.
So we are not showing when the user has verified an email.
Also when the user was created or updated it's not even necessary in this case as we are just showing
comment and also this information definitely shouldn't be shown
so let's also hide local.
OK.
Now save the changes and let's see what we have right now.
So now this looks a little bit better.
So we have a list of comments and then the information about the user.
All the necessary information is the I.D. so we can create a link to that user profile and we can also
display this user's name.
So this might seem like a great way to specify how your models should be serialized but now let's imagine
that you have a different situation in which you actually want to show different data for example of
a user or a comment depending on the end point that is being called.
So this might be a good example.
So in case of comments we only need the user I.D. and the user name and this is the enough information
for a comment but from end point that was show our user profile.
If this would also be fetch the byte API let's just imagine that it is you might want some more information
about the user maybe an email can be displayed if the user allows that and wants that and now you have
a problem because suddenly you have a fixed place where you define to what should be serialized and
what not.
And then.
Well it's we have no way to modify that depending on the places where we need that.
So in my mind that the hidden property is always deciding how this model would be converted to array
and then to Jason.
Possibly but sometimes you are converting a model to Jason not only because you want this to be displayed
publicly on an API but you might story it somewhere let's say in your internal database like Redis or
let's say QS for whatever reason and then suddenly you lose the benefit of easily converting all your
model data to an array because you have ignored certain fields or in this case of a comment you have
ignored this fields that might be useful internally by your application where you don't display this
data publicly and there is a way to make this better in Lavell and this is the resource objects which
you can create while you can create many resource objects for our specific model or class and then those
resource classes will specify individually what should be serialized for a given model and we'll cover
that in the next lecture.